Gyuanx connects various nodes around the world, creating a bigger network. It’s fast, private, and secure. Gyuanx uses cryptography to shield sending and receiving addresses, as well as transacted amounts.
Gyuanx gives you the ability to communicate with different users around the world with less difficulties and it follows the concepts of both Monero and Oxen projects.
Every Gyuanx transaction, by default, obfuscates sending and receiving addresses as well as transacted amounts. This always-on privacy means that every Gyuanx user’s activity enhances the privacy of all other users.
Gyuanx is fungible. By virtue of obfuscation, Gyuanx cannot become tainted through participation in previous transactions. Gyuanx will always be accepted without being controlled.
You can spend knowing that others cannot see your balances or track your activity. Gyuanx follows the same concepts of privacy for daily transactions and has a better accountabilities structures. Gyuanx gives you a vast technology to use from, to get you started with both our desktop wallets as well as the console wallets for various operating systems.
The Gyuanx wallets are available for a variety of platforms and contain everything you need to use Gyuanx immediately. With Gyuanx, you can trade with it, use it to purchase any particular goods
Gyuanx uses both the Oxen and Monero source code because of their high level of privacies it gives to transactions. Monero is an evolution on the CryptoNote protocol, which uses ring signatures, stealth addresses, and RingCT, giving users the ability to sign transactions and obfuscate amounts while maintaining plausible deniability.
